c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Form1.resources
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_EkBilgi.resources
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_Onaylama.resources
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe.licenses
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\tayfu\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Form1.resources
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_EkBilgi.resources
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_Onaylama.resources
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe.licenses
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
C:\Users\tayfu\Documents\GitHub\Dovido_Temel_Siparis\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_EkBilgi.resources
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Frm_Onaylama.resources
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\obj\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.pdb
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi.exe.config
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Can\Desktop\dovido\DXApplication2\Dovido_Onay_Sitemi\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
